docs: improve install/requirements and install/docker-compose (#13569)
immich-app/immich: docs/docs/install/docker-compose.mdx

  <CodeBlock language="bash">{ExampleEnv}</CodeBlock>
</details>

- Populate `UPLOAD_LOCATION` with your preferred location for storing backup assets.
- Consider changing `DB_PASSWORD` to a custom value. Postgres is not publically exposed, so this password is only used for local authentication.
  To avoid issues with Docker parsing this value, it is best to use only the characters `A-Za-z0-9`.
- Set your timezone by uncommenting the `TZ=` line.
- Populate custom database information if necessary.

:::info Optional Features

> You can make the required edits to `docker-compose.yml` to add external libraries or enable hardware acceleration now by following [their guides](#setting-up-optional-features) up to and including those edits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can edit `docker-compose.yml` to add external libraries or enable hardware acceleration now by following [their guides](#setting-up-optional-features).
```

Author: I think this is a fair simplification; it’s just annoying that the optional guides don’t split apart the yaml file edits from the settings changes made to the running program, so users who follow this tip would have to flip-flop between the two pages.

:::

## Step 3 - Start the containers

From the directory you created in Step 1 (which should now contain your customized `docker-compose.yml` and `.env` files), run `docker compose up -d`.

```bash title="Start the containers using docker compose command"
docker compose up -d
```

> The `restart: always` entries in `docker-compose.yml` for each container mean they will always restart after system reboot or program crashes.

Reviewer: This isn't needed here (or really at all IMO, this is `man docker` stuff)

Author: The purpose of this line is to inform those of us who don’t use or care about Docker that the “compose up” command starts immich as a persistent service, which IMO is a worry that would cross the minds of users who aren’t culturally immersed in Linux to the point of intuitively expecting the behaviour. 

The point isn’t to explain “restart: always” but rather to say “this command starts the container and ensures it automatically restarts”. I’ll reword it to make that clearer.

Reviewer 2: A topic we find ourselves constantly trying to balance is how much basic information to include in our docs. We're documenting Immich, and so I don't think we should expect to be teaching people sysadmin basics. If someone is wondering about details of the restart behaviour, they can find answers to that in plenty of places already.

Author: I changed it earlier to something closer to what I intended:

> This starts immich and ensures it automatically restarts after system reboots or crashes (thanks to the `restart: always` entries in `docker-compose.yml`).

The bracketed bit is more for curiosity and can be deleted cos it’s somewhat evident from the non-bracketed bit, if one also reads the yaml file.

But yeah I wouldn’t consider this teaching as much as explaining what that command actually does. On further thought, I recall seeing people forget the d flag, which is kind of a similar mistake – we’re trying to say the command starts the program as a service, so not blocking the console, but as a background thing that auto restarts. Basically that’s what I wanted.

Author: New sentence: I am feeling:

> This starts immich as a background service, ensuring it restarts after system reboots or crashes.

Or with btw teaching:

> This starts immich as a background service (per the -d flag), ensuring it restarts after system reboots or crashes (per the `restart` fields in `docker-compose.yml`).

Downloading container images might require you to authenticate to the GitHub Container Registry ([steps here][container-auth]).
:::

## Next Steps

### Setting Up Optional Features

You can set up the following now:

- [External Libraries](/docs/features/libraries.md)
- [Hardware Transcoding](/docs/features/hardware-transcoding.md)
- [Hardware-Accelerated Machine Learning](/docs/features/ml-hardware-acceleration.md)

### Upgrading

:::danger Breaking Changes
It is important to follow breaking updates to avoid problems. You can see versions that had breaking changes [here][breaking].
:::

If `IMMICH_VERSION` is set, it will need to be updated to the latest or desired version.

When a new version of Immich is [released][releases], the application can be upgraded and restarted with the following commands, run in the directory with the `docker-compose.yml` file:

```bash title="Upgrade and restart Immich"
docker compose pull && docker compose up -d
```

> To clean up disk space, the old version's obsolete containers can be deleted with the following command, which deletes all stopped containers. As such, make sure to start Immich (with the previous command) before running it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To clean up disk space, the old version's obsolete containers can be deleted with the following command, which deletes all unused container images. As such, make sure to start Immich (with the previous command) before running it.
```

Author: Wasn’t aware of images vs containers but looks good, will merge.

Author: I believe this command can be run with the containers stopped so I deleted that second sentence as well.

Author: actually i tried running `docker image prune` with the containers stopped and i feel like `docker compose up -d` then redownloaded some stuff? unsure, needs checking

```bash title="Delete all stopped containers"

> docker system prune

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker image prune
```
